Welcome back.
Now with the new version of create react app there's a few minor changes from what I'm going to show
you in the next coming video.
If we go to the source folder and we go to index dot J.S. you'll notice that one this service worker
is now automatically on registered.
Now a service worker is something that we don't have to worry about.
It's something that allows us to do something called progressive web apps which I talk about in Part
2 of this course now.
Originally this was registered automatically but now it's on registered so that we technically don't
use this service worker until we need to but we don't need to worry about that next.
If we look into the app file you'll notice a big change here.
Well we have the logo as an SPG now but the big important change is that this is now a function versus
a class now originally before this newest version of Cary reactor.
This used to be a class.
Now don't worry about the difference.
We actually cover the topic later on in the section when we talk about class components and functional
components so for now in order for us to get ready for the next lesson I want to convert this into how
it originally was as a class.
So in order to test this what we'll do is just run NPM start to make sure that our project runs we will
look at that.
We have a nice little Cory react app logo.
They love changing the home page every time there's a big update.
All right.
So this is running and all we want to do is update this too originally how it was it's actually quite
simple.
And by the way I'll provide the code for you so I can just copy and pasted after this lesson so we can
just do a class now.
So it's class app extends and we extend from react so that we say react dot component which is a property
on this react that we import we don't need the parentheses anymore because this is a class.
And then finally instead of returning we use a render here like this and this render
will return this whole piece so we can remove this and in brackets here just return
so fight safe here and now I refresh everything should still be working now.
Moving forward we're going to use this setup to learn about react and don't worry.
I know this looks intimidating but we're going to decipher it and learn react by the end of the section.
Let's get started.